I think that it is very important for
everyone over a certain age like me to
be at least aware of the Internet
amongst the over 65s there are a lot of
people who would like to be aware of the
internet but they don't know enough
about it and that's why this project is
so good recognize that so many people
want to be able to do more with their
smartphones tablets and computers so
we've teamed up with Age UK to host EE
national techy tea party day it's a day
on the 9th of September where we'll be
shutting our tills first thing in the
morning all the stores will be open for
people to come in get one in what advice
ye and 80k partnerships natural fit a
jerk' is all about supporting people to
love later life and E's about digital
communications so we believe that
together we can help the nearly 5
million people who aren't online older
people get online it is particularly
useful for older people who live alone
and don't get out a lot and if they have
family living abroad or you know
somewhere away they can get in touch by
Skype and see the person they're talking
to which is magnificent
this is fantastic it is if you feel
lonely or depressed just get your little
tablet out and you're in touch with
everybody in the world been emailing my
son a friend find that if you haven't
got access even to the internet you know
you're missing out on all the bargain
cost savings I think it's vital that
everyone whatever age knows how to use
the Internet